before we begin let me start by saying
i don't think this move is that
wholesome it's rife with murder
kidnapping and cannibalism lord jesus no
wonder i society going to hell in a hand
who basket of our movie today are
the woman who loves three-year-olds who
can juggle while singing taylor swift
songs who rack up 52 million views on
youtube
captain barbosa nobody loves robert
the director of the damn movie and the
green goblin
blade a story begins with these two
parents who clearly ain't read what to
expect while you're expecting
marlon and coral are moving into their
new house they probably mortgage
and they're expecting about 400 babies
in a few days because nobody makes
condoms for fish
and carl says i want to name one nemo
get it
cause they're about twenty thousand
leaves under the sea so mine starts
making his wife laugh
get it cause he's a clownfish then out
of nowhere
gets the funny knocks out of him and
black out so marla wakes up from his nap
deadbeat lazy
and finds out his wife and all 400 of
his babies got ate
we'll make that his wife and 399 of his
babies
raw fishing their eggs sushi and caviar
that's sick and of course he names his
one little remaining baby fish nemo
in honor of his very recently deceased
eight late wife
and nemo is a little damaged as if the
job of a single dad ain't hot enough now
he's gotta raise a son who can only swim
in a circle
well we can't all be michael phelps and
now he's gonna send his son to a school
of fish where he's going to soon learn
how to
what your children in school even learn
these days because i know they can't
spell i've seen them on twitter and i
know they ain't speaking proper english
like me
and i know they got no taste in film
because have you seen the recent star
wars movies
and because nemo is his only child we
gotta watch this poor little fish be
subjected to an umbrella helicopter over
protective soccer dad
imagine if all marlon's kids had got
eight and this was just a movie about a
clown fish with abs and a rainbow
bandana hunting barracuda the rest of
his life
or imagine if it was like that gerard
butler movie and marlon strapped that
barracuda to a table and hung a mirror
over him and then cut off his eyelids so
he had to watch his own demise
old fish don't have eyelids fish can't
close their eyes
how do they sleep like gandalf what the
hell was i talking about
so time to meet the other dads and their
douches
then nemo's new teacher shows up his
name is mr ray
i guess because calling him sting would
be too intimidating plus they'd be
expecting him to bust out a loot and
sing message in a bottle
but marlon hears that the kids are being
taken to the edge of the reef and he's
on his way to get all up in some teacher
face
and wouldn't you know it mullen shows up
just in time before nemo was about to
cave into peer pressure
and something about parents being
embarrassing and kids just want to be
left alone
because they like big butts and they
cannot lie
then out of nowhere
and they do that damn this but the evil
human person abducts nemo
then marlon gets brutally documented so
he chases up that boat and one of the
divers drops his scuba mask
but my favorite part is right here where
molly keeps breathing heavy like he
needs air
and to dory she's annoying as hell
she's like you looking for a boat hi i'm
dory
it went this way follow me why are you
following me who the hell are you
what are we talking about you looking
for a boat it went this way follow me
you know my grandma myself was from
memory loss this movie offended her
but don't feel bad for her she forgot
none of nowhere
oh this is bruce who's looking for
a few good fish
he leads them through some mines and on
board a sunken world war ii ship where
marlon is convinced he's about to become
phallo fish
turns out this is an a.a kind of ditty
where instead of swearing off booze
they've sworn off protein vegan sharks
starving on seaweed and algae salads
my mama does that sound money so i can
buy some real food
i know your dad is healthy mama
sometimes she gas it though
and then the sharks are all up in
mylon's face because he's a clownfish
like
tell us a joke you know how many times a
day i hear that
i know you like my jokes mama so they
find a scuba mask and it has some wordy
words on it
and then dora acts the damn fool and
gets a nosebleed and the sharks realize
they're tired of being salad shooters
and while they're hiding in the ship
dorian remembers she can read why i
don't know
i guess because if some underwater sea
creature couldn't read this movie will
be called
losing nemo as if it ain't traumatizing
enough already
and then they almost die and then they
don't so over here in the clean water
full of fake leaves
little nemo is not impressed in fact he
scared us
just remember every time you try to
impress your fish with some new colorful
plastic leaves
look at this tell me it ain't plastic
you're probably just scaring the stringy
fishy poop right out of that little nose
heaven bit
and apparently all these years in
incarceration then throw all these fish
off the deep end
get it deep end
it's like all of us after a year in
quarantine one of them's obsessed with
some bubbles
another one's a germaphobe then this one
thinks her reflection is crazy and well
she ain't wrong then this dentist
drilling on people's faces
good luck getting your kitties into the
dentist chair after watching this horror
flick
then nemo finds out he's supposed to be
a gift for the dentist's niece who looks
like the disney rendition of a chucky
doll
then nemo gets slurped up by the
aquarium filter tube thingy and this bad
angelfish who looks like he spent most
his life with the hell's angels teaches
nemo he's a doer
not a daunter back under the sea while
nemo was trying to find a way to avoid
the female chucky shake
marlon and dory are taking a little nap
and when they aren't taking a nap
they almost die and then they don't and
then when they're done don't
they almost die and then they don't so
dory reads the mask which as it turns
out is the address of the man who
kidnapped nemo
and they escaped somehow and as luck
would have it p
sherman 42 wallaby way sydney is the
only thing dory remembers
ever convenient i know wait
he got eyelids and his eyes should not
be in the front of his face
but of course he needs to look kind of
human because that's the only way disney
can make you sympathize with the only
protein the pope let you eat on good
friday
then they have some witchcraft voodoo
seance ritual and make the child swim
through some big scary bubbles which
turns out to be absolutely nothing
i guess when all you got to do is swim
laps around a 10 cubic foot tank you got
to make your own drama
and now that nemo has proven what a
brave little bit he is they going to put
his
to work a child labor laws hello
meanwhile marlin is trying to kick dory
to the curb order the coral or wherever
the hell she'll be when she ain't near
him then they get some directions from
some fish to play charades
have a showdown with some jellyfish
almost die and then they don't and both
get knocked the hell out and get rescued
by flying ocean salsa
and as far as them child labor laws back
at p sherman 42 wallaby way sydney go
they don't give a damn this is gonna
risk the boy's life for their own
selfish needs
they're gonna send that little fish bit
into the filter system with a rock in
one
fin and his self-worth in the other but
the plan fails and then the little nemo
was about to become that
they used to make fish sticks you know
how it's all chopped up
and then they almost die and then they
don't now malin out here with these
turtles who enjoy an occasional hit of
some seaweed
right in front of their tiny turrets but
they on the current that leads them
right to sydney
convenient i know and apparently in the
sea grapevine
everybody gets the story right but if it
was some dumb humans telling it it'd end
up being a story about some man hunting
for some cold cuts
but the fishing birds get that
straight so nemo can know it's his dad
on his way and not some salami so that
nemo hears his daddy is actually a kind
of hero and not the stiff he
thought he was
and now nemo was inspired to risk his
little life he's like
i'm coming bit so he and his friends can
escape this destiny of plastic leaves
and chucky children so dory hits up a
whale for directions because marlon is
too man for that
i mean did you ever take a trip about
your parents your mama's like
i think we took a wrong turn we should
stop and ask and your daddy that run off
later was like
i don't know where i'm going and you end
up driving on the left side of the road
in tokyo
then mile and dark get ate back in the
tank the germaphobe is spazzing
and back in the belly of the well it's
like something biblical and then the
whale blows them out of his blow
which frankly sounds a little perverse
but the tank got clean so their dreams
of escape are
dashed but now nemo's getting bagged
because chiquita is in the house
and then they almost die and then they
don't because some pelicans are like
come with me if you want to live and
marlin arrives on the scene just in time
to see nemo flush himself
and now marlon is sad and wants to ditch
the fish and dora's like
me i'm scared of everything i'm scared
of what i saw of what i did of who i am
and most of all i'm scared of walking
out of this room and never feeling for
the rest of my whole life
the way i feel when i'm with you so did
they just become friends or did they get
naked and do some dirty dance
but marlon swims off anyway meanwhile
scorch out of the duty pipe which
probably got in dufresne in there
somewhere
and door leads him to his puppet and
this right here
is why i don't eat anchovies well
australia's going hungry tonight
and now nemo almost died but then it
don't and marlon tells him about all the
cool he's done
and then they get home somehow and then
nemo goes to school but not before he
swims his little single fin
tail back to give his dad a hug and we
all cry because single parents can do
all right
ain't that right mama
[Music]
be sure to like share and subscribe to
your regular swish of meth
thank you to these special muffins for
sending them money every month to help
me buy food and seaweed
klas eva katrina a bethany c
karl s coldhole david m christine k
carrie j elena s owanna m
melaniem pgfj norah c
allison l autumn m anonymous bh
kelliel marion colorado and barney
full moon is explained for i'm jeb
i'll die and muffins just keep swimming